Hopefully you have now successfully installed scaffold to make sure that it is installed successfully.
I'm going to open up my terminal and just run the command scaffold.
If you run that command, you should see a bunch of help information like this right here.
If you see something that says command not recognized, well, you need to double check your scaffold
installation.
Now that we've got scaffold installed, we are going to configure it by writing out yet another config
file.
This config file is going to tell scaffold how to manage all the different subprojects inside of our
cluster.
Inside of my code editor, I'm going to find my root project directory and I'm going to create a new
file inside there called Scaffold Dot HTML.
The config that we're going to write inside of here is going to look rather similar to a lot of the
configuration that we've already written to apply to a Kubernetes cluster.
But everything we write inside of here does not get applied to Kubernetes.
Instead, it is just consumed by scaffold directly.
And scaffold is a tool that runs outside of our cluster.
So let's start to write out some configuration.
A lot of these scaffold files we're going to write are going to be just about identical.
So this is another scenario where you pretty much just learn it once and then start to kind of copy
paste stuff around when appropriate.
All right.
So we're going to write out API version Scaffold V2, Alpha three.
I'm going to put in a kind of config.
A deploy with a nested cube, CTL, a nested manifest.
And then we're going to put in an array entry, which means a little dash and then dot slash infra a
star.
So this first little bit of config right here or this really is our first important piece of config
is what I should say.
This is telling scaffold that there is a collection of different config files intended for Kubernetes
inside of the infra aids directory.
So by adding in this manifest line, we are telling scaffold that we want it to watch all of these different
YAML files.
Any time that we make a change to one of those files, Scaffold is going to automatically reapply that
config file to our Kubernetes cluster.
So in other words, it's going to save us from the hassle of having to run up CTL Apply F over and over
and over again any time that we create a file or make a change to a file.
By listing out manifests.
Scaffold is also going to make sure to create all these or apply all these any time that we start scaffold
up.
It's also going to delete all the config or all the objects associated with these config files whenever
we stop scaffold as well.
So in total, this is really doing three things.
When we start up scaffold, apply these files.
When we make a change, apply these files whenever we stop scaffold.
Find all the objects related to these config files and delete them.
Don't delete the files themselves.
Just delete the objects that are created by them inside of our Kubernetes cluster.
This is really the part where this is fantastic for working between different projects, because whenever
we start up scaffold, we're going to apply all these objects.
Whenever we stop scaffold to go work on another project, all the objects related to these will be deleted
and we'll end up with a relatively clean cluster.
Okay.
So that's part one of our config file.
Now on to step two.
We're going to put in a build local push of false.
So by default, whenever scaffold makes a change to one of our images or rebuilds an image, it's going
to try to push it up to Docker Hub that is not actually required when we're using scaffold.
So we're going to disable that default behavior with the setting right here.
Next up is artifacts.
And I got a typo in there.
Artifacts.
Make sure you got the right spelling.
This is going to be an array.
We're going to write out one array entry and we'll discuss what it is doing.
I'm going to put in image of my Docker ID, so for you it should be your dock ID slash client.
Well, then put in a context of client.
I'll put in Docker with nested Docker file and the value of that is going to be a Docker file with a
capital D.
I'll then put in sync.
Manual.
An array entry.
A source that is going to be a string of Z star star star DJs.
With a DST or destination of period.
Okay.
So what does this all about?
Let's artefact section is telling scaffold about something inside of our project that it needs to maintain.
We're essentially saying that there is going to be some pod that is running code out of the client directory
inside of our project.
So in this case, client directory right here.
Whenever something changes inside this directory, scaffold is going to try to take those changes and
somehow update our pod.
There are two ways in which scaffold is going to try to update our pod.
First off, if we make a change to a JavaScript file as indicated by this little matcher right here,
if we make a change to a JavaScript file, then scaffold is going to try to take that change file and
just directly throw it into our pod.
It's going to literally take that file.
We update it and copy it directly into the pod itself.
So our pod is going to always have the latest code inside of it.
If we ever make a change to anything inside this client directory that is not matched up by this CRC
or this entire little rule right here, then scaffold is going to instead try to rebuild the entire
image.
So for example, imagine if we installed a new dependency into our client project.
Whenever we install a new dependency that's going to update our package JSON file, technically package
lock and technically node modules as well.
But basically it is making a change to our project that is not changing a JavaScript file.
So because we made a change to a file that is not matching up to this little matcher right here, scaffold
is going to decide to completely rebuild our image and update the deployment tied to it.
So it's going to rebuild this image.
It's going to use this client directory as the source of the image.
Then once the image is built, it's going to throw it as the update into our cluster.
So those are the two things that this big rule right here is really doing.
Either update these files in place or if it's a different file, rebuild the entire image.
So we're now going to go through and essentially duplicate this rule for all of our other little sub
projects inside of here.
So for comments, event bus moderation posts and query.
I'm going to copy this rule rather than just rewrite all of it.
Now, when you copy this stuff, you might have a little bit of automatic formatting kick in.
I definitely did.
Oh, let's see.
So if you get that automatic formatting and you tried to fix the indentation, just make sure you don't
mess up any of the previous stuff, as I just did right there.
We should have something like this.
We should see dashed image and then dash the image down there.
Make sure you got the right indentation as well.
So now we will update this block for the comments.
So this image is called your Docker ID slash comments.
The context is comments, same docker file.
But in this case, our file synching is going to be a little bit different.
Remember, only the React application had an RC directory, everything else.
So say comments, moderation, etc..
No CRC directory.
We only have a direct indexed JS file inside there, so we will update that little selector to be just
start edges like so.
So make sure you get that update on CRC.
And then we're going to once again copy this thing.
I'll make sure I fix up the indentation.
Here we go.
So again, makes you get the correct indentation.
And on this next one, we'll update for event bus.
So update one update to.
Okay.
Next one.
I'll do another paste in a fix my indentation again.
There's event bus right above.
Here's the copy paste I just put in.
This one I will make for this one I'm going to make for moderation.
I will do yet another mix up the indentation.
Again, I'm not going to tell you to fix the indentation this time.
I'm sure you understand that probably has to be done.
So we took care of moderation.
We're on to posts and posts and just one more.
I'll paste in.
That indentation.
And this last one is query and query.
So at this point, I really encourage you to do a double check.
We should have inside this array one.
To.
Three.
For five and six blocks, they should be all in the same indentation level.
Double check all the image names and the context name as well.
So I have going in order from top to bottom.
Client comments, event plus moderation posts and query.
All right.
I apologize for the long video, but that is it for our scaffold HTML file setup.
So let's take a pause right here.
We're going to make use of scaffold in the next video and see how it really improves our development
workflow.